hey whats up guys its opt-ins p 517 want
to do another pick up for you this is
going to be a little different because i
might not be keeping them i just found a
good deal on craigslist and he's already
it's a size 11 half and get a little
more lighting for you guys there you go
there drone 11 retro black white dark
concord so you all know what it is there
they are very nice clean pair of kicks
telling them off locally i was actually
looking for an iphone 3gs for my sisters
birthday kind of land across these guys
by accident so there are these suckers
the mess in great condition slight
yelling toe box as you can see there's
Frankie or no not freaking hate beans
I'll be right there anyways the toe box
as you can see they're very nice jumpman
logo on the back leather there they are
and one little minor hiccup is that
little I don't know what happened last
buyer he must have tripped on something
but just a little a little step to the
mid so of course it's hard to see but
there's not much to it there's still
nike air sign on there no you can see
barely anything in here but of course we
focus on here quality basketball
products inspired by the greatest player
ever
so that's it very simple patent leather
is nice and shiny no so separation so
was a little yellow this is actually
going to be the next siglo project I've
added an additional third lamp to assist
on the process so I'm just keep an eye
out I'm going to do it before and after
and then of course I will do also a
before and after 4d space gems that I
was doing so keep you guys posted any
questions rate comment and subscribe and
let me know no what's your favorite pair
of jordan Elevens could be loath could
be highs or me not highs could be mids
concord space jams Columbia's cool greys
that's coming out retro next not next
month but pretty close to the next month
but in december but any questions let me
know